Partner Manager - Reorg of architecture and trading partner topics (#139)
mulesoft/docs-partner-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/update-partner-profile.adoc

> = Update a Partner's Profile

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Update Partner Profiles
```

> 

Reviewer: Maybe a snippet about under what circumstances an audience might want or need to do this?

. In Partner Manager, select *Partners* in the navigation menu to access the *Partners* page.
. Click the partner whose profile you want to update.

> . Under the *About* section, click *Edit* to add or update the following information:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the *About* section, click *Edit* to add or update the following information:
```

* *Identity*
** *Description* +
Provide a brief description of your partner's business, what kind of trading relationship your organization has with them, and so on.
** *Website* +
Enter a valid URL to your trading partner's website.
** *Logo* +

> Upload a logo for your trading partner. Supported logo file formats are: `.jpg`, `.jpeg`, `.png`, `.gif`, and `.svg`. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upload a logo for your trading partner. Supported logo file formats are `.jpg`, `.jpeg`, `.png`, `.gif`, and `.svg`. +
```

> The maximum file size is 30KB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The maximum file size is 30 KB.
```

* *Corporate address* +

> Provide a complete address that includes the Street, City, State, Postal code, and Country.

Reviewer: Why the capitalizations?

Author: Sorry, I forgot to delete this topic. I replaced it with another

* *Add contacts* +

> You can add up to three contacts associated with a partner's profile. You can also delete contacts from this section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Either add up to three contacts associated with a partner's profile, or delete contacts.
```
